Update PHP configuration (#10189)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/php/index.mdx

---

> title: Configure the PHP SDK

Author: ```suggestion
title: PHP
```

sdk: sentry.php
caseStyle: snake_case
supportLevel: production

> description: PHP (or Hypertext Preprocessor) is an open source general-purpose scripting language that's well-suited for web development. It can be embedded into HTML. 

Author: ```suggestion
description: PHP (or Hypertext Preprocessor) is an open source, general-purpose scripting language that's well-suited for web development. It can be embedded into HTML. 
```

---

> 
> On this page, we get you up and running with Sentry's PHP SDK, automatically reporting errors and exceptions in your application.

Author: ```suggestion

## Configure the PHP SDK

On this page, we get you up and running with Sentry's PHP SDK, automatically reporting errors and exceptions in your application.
```

<GuideGrid platform="php" />

## Configure the PHP SDK

> The below Sentry PHP SDK provides support for PHP 7.2 or later. If you're using a previous version of the PHP SDK, you can access the <Link rel={`nofollow`} to={`/platforms/php/legacy-sdk/`}>legacy SDK documentation</Link>.

Reviewer: The curly braces are unecessary, fix: 👇
```jsx
<Link rel="nofollow" to="/platforms/php/legacy-sdk/">legacy SDK documentation</Link>
```

> The below Sentry PHP SDK provides support for PHP 7.2 or later. If you're using a previous version of the PHP SDK, you can access the <Link rel={`nofollow`} to={`/platforms/php/legacy-sdk/`}>legacy SDK documentation</Link>.

Author: ```suggestion
The below Sentry PHP SDK provides support for PHP 7.2 or later. If you're using a previous version of the PHP SDK, you can access the <Link rel="nofollow" to="/platforms/php/legacy-sdk/">legacy SDK documentation</Link>.
```

<GuideGrid platform="php" />

## Configure the PHP SDK

> The below Sentry PHP SDK provides support for PHP 7.2 or later. If you're using a previous version of the PHP SDK, you can access the <Link rel={`nofollow`} to={`/platforms/php/legacy-sdk/`}>legacy SDK documentation</Link>.

Author: ```suggestion
The below Sentry PHP SDK provides support for PHP 7.2 or later. If you're using a previous version of the PHP SDK, you can access the <Link rel={`nofollow`} to={`/platforms/php/legacy-sdk/`}>legacy SDK documentation</Link>.

Sentry captures data by using an SDK within your application’s runtime. Our SDKs are platform-specific and allow Sentry to have a deep understanding of how your application works.
```

This Sentry PHP SDK provides support for PHP 7.2 or later. If you are using our previous PHP SDK, you can access the <Link rel={`nofollow`} to={`/platforms/php/legacy-sdk/`}>legacy SDK documentation</Link>, until further notice.

> <OnboardingOptionButtons

Author: ```suggestion
<OnboardingOptionButtons
```
Need to change "Performance Monitoring" to "Distributed Tracing"

  ]}
/>

## Install

Sentry captures data by using an SDK within your application’s runtime. Our SDKs are platform-specific and allow Sentry to have a deep understanding of how your application works.

> In addition to capturing errors, you can monitor interactions between multiple services or applications by [enabling tracing](/concepts/key-terms/tracing/), as well as collect and analyze performance profiles from real users with [profiling](/product/profiling/). To enable tracing and/or profiling, click the corresponding checkmarks to get the code snippets.”

Author: ```suggestion
In addition to capturing errors, you can monitor interactions between multiple services or applications by [enabling tracing](/concepts/key-terms/tracing/). You can also collect and analyze performance profiles from real users with [profiling](/product/profiling/). To enable tracing and/or profiling, click the corresponding checkmarks to get the code snippets.”
```

  ]}
/>

## Install

Sentry captures data by using an SDK within your application’s runtime. Our SDKs are platform-specific and allow Sentry to have a deep understanding of how your application works.

> In addition to capturing errors, you can monitor interactions between multiple services or applications by [enabling tracing](/concepts/key-terms/tracing/). You can also collect and analyze performance profiles from real users with [profiling](/product/profiling/). To enable tracing and/or profiling, click the corresponding checkmarks to get the code snippets.”

Author: ```suggestion
In addition to capturing errors, you can monitor interactions between multiple services or applications by [enabling tracing](/concepts/key-terms/tracing/). You can also collect and analyze performance profiles from real users with [profiling](/product/profiling/). To enable tracing and/or profiling, click the corresponding checkmarks to get the code snippets.
```

  ]}
/>

> ## Install
> 
> Sentry captures data by using an SDK within your application’s runtime. Our SDKs are platform-specific and allow Sentry to have a deep understanding of how your application works.
> 
> In addition to capturing errors, you can monitor interactions between multiple services or applications by [enabling tracing](/concepts/key-terms/tracing/). You can also collect and analyze performance profiles from real users with [profiling](/product/profiling/). To enable tracing and/or profiling, click the corresponding checkmarks to get the code snippets.

Author: ```suggestion
## Install
In addition to capturing errors, you can monitor interactions between multiple services or applications by [enabling tracing](/concepts/key-terms/tracing/). You can also collect and analyze performance profiles from real users with [profiling](/product/profiling/). To enable tracing and/or profiling, click the corresponding checkmarks to get the code snippets.
```
